Remove assertion/ensure callstack modification logic (#744)
getsentry/sentry-unreal: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix incorrect game log attachment on Android ([#743](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/743))
- Fix assertion during screenshot capturing in a thread that can't use Slate ([#756](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/756))

> - Remove assertion/ensure callstack modification logic ([#744](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/744))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Due to improvements to the server-side grouping logic, the SDK no longer relies on client side manipulation of the callstack for assertions and ensures. ([#744](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/744))
```
